Add multi select pattern documentation (#1938)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/patterns/multi-select-patterns/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

> The Helios Table [selection components](/components/table#multi-select) support the selection of one or more rows within a Table and enables the user to edit the same parameter across multiple results, creating more customized views within a Table, and bulk delete results from a data set.

Reviewer: +1 I would have trouble understanding what this does from the above language.

> The Helios Table [selection components](/components/table#multi-select) support the selection of one or more rows within a Table and enables the user to edit the same parameter across multiple results, creating more customized views within a Table, and bulk delete results from a data set.

Reviewer 2: +1 to what others mentioned, I did have a bit of trouble following along here.

> The Helios Table [selection components](/components/table#multi-select) support the selection of one or more rows within a Table and enables the user to edit the same parameter across multiple results, creating more customized views within a Table, and bulk delete results from a data set.

Author: I've simplified and focused this a bit

!!! Info

> We don’t publish a specific component to support this functionality, instead these guidelines are intended to outline the requirements and recommendations to compose a Multi-select pattern using HDS components and should serve as a starting point. Not all scenarios are covered, if straying from the pattern in more complex scenarios, try to leverage the same core concepts and communication methods.

Reviewer 2: +1 to what @heatherlarsen mentioned. Could some of this info move up to the top paragraph? Could some clarification live within this info banner? 

> The Helios Table selection components support selecting one or more rows within a Table and enable the user to edit the same parameter across multiple results, creating more customized views within a Table, and bulk delete results from a dataset. We don’t offer a specific component for this feature; these guidelines outline the requirements and recommendations for creating a Multi-select pattern with HDS components, serving as a starting point. 
> 
> Info banner: Not all scenarios are covered by these guidelines. In more complex cases where the pattern may not directly apply, it’s advised to still use the core concepts and communication methods outlined.

> We don’t publish a specific component to support this functionality, instead these guidelines are intended to outline the requirements and recommendations to compose a Multi-select pattern using HDS components and should serve as a starting point. Not all scenarios are covered, if straying from the pattern in more complex scenarios, try to leverage the same core concepts and communication methods.

Author: What was trying to get across was the lack of components, so I've gone the route similar to the form patterns to simplify a bit.

!!!

> 

Author: This was a recommendation of Jake H's as well, I've reorganized this and added an image at the top.

## Selected count

Display the **selected count** to communicate how many rows or results have been selected in the _entire_ data set. This includes rows that are outside of the current view in the Table (e.g., in a different page if using [Pagination](/components/pagination)), and should be represented using a numerical value.

> ![Example of the selected count](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/selected-count.png)

Reviewer 2: +1

> ![Example of the selected count](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/selected-count.png)

Author: I'm working to clean up all of the language to focus more specifically on usage with a table, this is a good suggestion for the visuals! I've updated several relevant images

Pair this with a **message** to clearly communicate that a selection has been made. This can be a simple generic message stating "{number in current selection} selected", or can be more specific to the type of object in the data set (e.g., a user, cluster, workspace, etc).

![Generic and specific messaging](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/types-of-messages.png)

## Total count

If technically feasible, communicate the selected count as a portion of the **total count**, or total number of results in the Table. This can give the user a better overall snapshot of what they have selected and how the selection compares to the entire data set. This can also more effectively communicate that there may be results that are selected across multiple pages.

![Total count of items and count of selected items](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/total-count-selected-count.png)

!!! Info

Depending on how the data within a Table is fetched or if [cursor-based pagination](/components/pagination#numbered-vs-compact) is used, it may not be possible to get the total number of results in a data set.

> !!!

Author: Ok, I've removed this

## Bulk actions

The act of selecting multiple results in a Table implies that the the user wants to edit, remove, or transform these results in some way. Consolidate these actions in a [List](/components/dropdown#list) toggled by a `small` [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) inline with the selected count, message, and total count.

> ![Example of bulk actions](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/bulk-actions.png)

Reviewer 3: [nit] I'd consider removing the "bulk selection" list items from this example because you don't touch on them until later.  Just makes the example more directed toward what is being communicated in the documentation and shows that these can also live without the others.

> When working with instances of a Table where only a single action is necessary (e.g., bulk deleting a selection), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) in place of the Dropdown. We recommend using only `secondary` or `critical` Buttons in this scenario depending on the intent of the action.

Reviewer: For Table instances requiring a single action (like bulk deletion), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) instead of a Dropdown. We advise using either `secondary` or `critical` Buttons, based on the action’s intent.

> When working with instances of a Table where only a single action is necessary (e.g., bulk deleting a selection), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) in place of the Dropdown. We recommend using only `secondary` or `critical` Buttons in this scenario depending on the intent of the action.

Reviewer: For Table instances requiring a single action (like bulk deletion), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) instead of a Dropdown. We advise using either `secondary` or `critical` Buttons, based on the action’s intent.
```suggestion
When working with instances of a Table where only a single action is necessary (e.g., bulk deleting a selection), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) in place of the Dropdown. We recommend using only `secondary` or `critical` Buttons in this scenario depending on the intent of the action.
```

> When working with instances of a Table where only a single action is necessary (e.g., bulk deleting a selection), use a `small` [Button](/components/button) in place of the Dropdown. We recommend using only `secondary` or `critical` Buttons in this scenario depending on the intent of the action.

Author: Thanks for this, much more concise

> ![Example of a single action](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/single-action.png)

Reviewer 4: We could do it here, or point to the "Bulk selection" section below.

> ![Example of a single action](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/single-action.png)

Reviewer 2: I'd agree with @didoo here. I think there would be some value in re-reminding consumers about this.

> ![Example of a single action](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/single-action.png)

Author: I've added a clarifying note in the "Bulk selection" section, and I've linked out to some additional notes selection scope. This came up after reviewing briefly with TJ Koines who noted the benefit of the included graphic and description.

### Editing results

> With a selection made, consider using a [Modal](/components/modal) to perform bulk edits or updates to parameters of the selected results. This is generally appropriate for editing five parameters or less, for more complex scenarios consider shifting the editing experience to a separate page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a selection made, consider using a [Modal](/components/modal) to perform bulk edits or updates to parameters of the selected results. This is generally appropriate for editing five parameters or less; for more complex scenarios, consider shifting the editing experience to a separate page.
```

> With a selection made, consider using a [Modal](/components/modal) to perform bulk edits or updates to parameters of the selected results. This is generally appropriate for editing five parameters or less, for more complex scenarios consider shifting the editing experience to a separate page.

Reviewer 3: > consider shifting the editing experience to a separate page

I'm not sure about this. When they leave this page and come back to it after editing, what happens? Do they come back to this page? Is the multi-select state for each row retained? Does a success toast appear? What happens if the editing action fails?

Author: I can add some additional clarifying content here, but this editing experience in it's own page was validated by TJ on some Vault work, that is how he's expecting to handle it because it's more complex then something that would live in a Modal.

I would imagine: 

1. You're taken to another page to edit. This page acts as sort of confirm/cancel  experience
2. Once editing is complete, you're redirected back to the table. Seeing a Toast would add a good confirmation reinforcement. If the editing action fails, I would either expect a critical Toast upon redirection, _or_ for some sort of validation to happen on the editing page to avoid that.
3. I would expect the selection to be persisted after editing is complete.

I can add all of these points in as an example scenario, do you think this is a reasonable pattern?

![Editing results in a Modal](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/multi-select-edit-modal.png)

### Deleting results

Deleting or performing destructive actions on results should use an additional confirmation to ensure that only the intended results are affected. Use a `critical` [Modal](/components/modal) to communicate the number of results affected and what consequences might occur from deletion.

![Deleting results in a Modal](/assets/patterns/multi-select-patterns/multi-select-delete-modal.png)

## Bulk selection

> Use bulk selection to highlight additional, more complex methods of selecting rows in a Table. This type of selection should be global in scope, meaning that all results in the data set are affected, even those outside of the current view. Consolidate these functions in a Dropdown List paired with bulk actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bulk selection is global in scope, meaning that all results in the data set are affected, even those outside of the current view. Consolidate these functions in a Dropdown List paired with bulk actions.
```

Reviewer 3: Please also change "Dropdown List" to "Dropdown"

> Some common examples of bulk selection include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of bulk selection include:
```

- **Select all:** select all of the results in a data set.

> - **Deselect all/reset selection:** take the current selected results and deselect them.

Reviewer 4: If one term does the job, we don't need to provide an alternative (I think)
```suggestion
- **Reset selection:** take the current selected results and deselect them.
```

Reviewer 3: +1 I think we should be opinionated here to aim for consistency.

- **Select inverse:** deselect the currently selected results, select those that are currently deselected.

> - **Select odd/select even:** only select odd or even-numbered results; this can in part be determined by the current sorting mechanism.

Reviewer 4: I don't see a realistic use case for this in our applications.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: +1 if a need arises later, we can always add this back in, but for now, let's stick to the use cases we know.
